Update Overview and Key Features (#1280)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-kafka: ballerina/README.md

# Overview

> Apache Kafka is a distributed event streaming platform used for high-performance data pipelines, streaming analytics, data integration, and mission-critical applications. The Ballerina `ballerinax/kafka` connector allows you to integrate your Ballerina applications with Kafka, providing the ability to produce and consume events from Kafka topics. It supports high-throughput, fault-tolerant, and scalable messaging, making it ideal for building real-time data processing systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Kafka is a distributed event streaming platform used for high-performance data pipelines, streaming analytics, data integration, and mission-critical applications. The Kafka connector allows you to integrate your applications with Kafka, enabling you to produce and consume events from Kafka topics. It supports high-throughput, fault-tolerant, and scalable messaging, making it ideal for building real-time data processing systems.
```
